---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "citrix_application_folder_details Data Source - citrix"
subcategory: "CVAD"
description: |-
  Data source for retrieving details of applications belonging to a specific folder.
---

# citrix_application_folder_details (Data Source)

Data source for retrieving details of applications belonging to a specific folder.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "citrix_application_folder_details" "example_application_folder_details" {
    path = "test-folder1\\test-folder2"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `path` (String) The path of the folder to get the applications from.

### Read-Only

- `applications_list` (Attributes List) The applications list associated with the specified folder. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--applications_list))
- `total_applications` (Number) The total number of applications in the folder.

<a id="nestedatt--applications_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `applications_list`

Read-Only:

- `application_category_path` (String) The application category path allows users to organize and view applications under specific categories in Citrix Workspace App.
- `application_folder_path` (String) The path of the folder which the application belongs to
- `application_groups` (List of String) The application group IDs to which the application should be added.
- `browser_name` (String) The browser name for the application. When omitted, the application name will be used as the browser name.
- `delivery_groups` (List of String) The delivery groups which the application is associated with.
- `delivery_groups_priority` (Attributes Set) Set of delivery groups with their corresponding priority. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--applications_list--delivery_groups_priority))
- `description` (String) The description of the application.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the application is enabled or disabled. Default is `true`.
- `icon` (String) The Id of the icon to be associated with the application.
- `id` (String) GUID identifier of the application.
- `installed_app_properties` (Attributes) The installed application properties of the application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--applications_list--installed_app_properties))
- `limit_to_one_instance_per_user` (Boolean) Specifies if the use of the application should be limited to only one instance per user. Default is `false`.
- `limit_visibility_to_users` (Set of String) By default, the application is visible to all users within a delivery group. However, you can restrict its visibility to only certain users by specifying them in the `limit_visibility_to_users` list.
- `max_total_instances` (Number) Control the use of this application by limiting the number of instances running at the same time. If set to 0, it allows unlimited use.
- `metadata` (Attributes List) Metadata for the Application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--applications_list--metadata))
- `name` (String) The name of the application.
- `published_name` (String) The published name of the application.
- `shortcut_added_to_desktop` (Boolean) Indicates whether a shortcut to the application is added to the desktop. Default is `false`.
- `shortcut_added_to_start_menu` (Boolean) Indicates whether a shortcut to the application is added to the start menu. Default is `false`.
- `tags` (Set of String) A set of identifiers of tags to associate with the application.
- `visible` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not this application is visible to users. Note that it's possible for an application to be disabled and still visible. Default is `true`.

<a id="nestedatt--applications_list--delivery_groups_priority"></a>
### Nested Schema for `applications_list.delivery_groups_priority`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The Id of the delivery group.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the delivery group. `0` means the highest priority.


<a id="nestedatt--applications_list--installed_app_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `applications_list.installed_app_properties`

Read-Only:

- `command_line_arguments` (String) The command-line arguments to use when launching the executable. Environment variables can be used.
- `command_line_executable` (String) The name of the executable file to launch. The full path need not be provided if it's already in the path. Environment variables can also be used.
- `working_directory` (String) The working directory which the executable is launched from. Environment variables can be used.


<a id="nestedatt--applications_list--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `applications_list.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Metadata name.
- `value` (String) Metadata value.