---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "citrix_cloud_saml_identity_provider Data Source - citrix"
subcategory: "Citrix Cloud"
description: |-
  Data Source of a SAML 2.0 Identity Provider instance. Note that this feature is in Tech Preview.
---

# citrix_cloud_saml_identity_provider (Data Source)

Data Source of a SAML 2.0 Identity Provider instance. Note that this feature is in Tech Preview.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get Citrix Cloud Identity Provider data source by ID
data "citrix_cloud_saml_identity_provider" "example_saml_identity_provider" {
  id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
}

# Get Citrix Cloud Identity Provider data source by name
data "citrix_cloud_saml_identity_provider" "example_saml_identity_provider" {
  name = "exampleSamlIdentityProvider"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Id of the SAML 2.0 Identity Provider instance.
- `name` (String) Name of the SAML 2.0 Identity Provider instance.

### Read-Only

- `attribute_names` (Attributes) Defines the attribute mappings for SAML 2.0 Identity Provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attribute_names))
- `auth_domain_name` (String) Auth Domain name of the SAML 2.0 Identity Provider instance.
- `authentication_context` (String) The authentication context.
- `authentication_context_comparison` (String) The authentication context comparison type.
- `cert_common_name` (String) The common name of the SAML certificate.
- `cert_expiration` (String) The expiration date time of the SAML certificate.
- `entity_id` (String) The entity ID of the SAML 2.0 Identity Provider.
- `logout_binding` (String) The binding of the logout service.
- `logout_url` (String) The URL of the logout service.
- `saml_response` (String) The SAML response.
- `scoped_entity_id_suffix` (String) The Scoped Entity Id Suffix for the SAML 2.0 Identity Provider.
- `sign_auth_request` (String) Whether to sign the authentication request.
- `sign_logout_request` (String) Whether to sign the logout request.
- `single_sign_on_service_binding` (String) The binding of the single sign-on service.
- `single_sign_on_service_url` (String) The URL of the single sign-on service.
- `use_scoped_entity_id` (Boolean) Whether to use the Scoped Entity Id.

<a id="nestedatt--attribute_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attribute_names`

Read-Only:

- `ad_domain` (String) The attribute name for the user's Active Directory domain.
- `ad_forest` (String) The attribute name for the user's Active Directory forest.
- `ad_object_identifier` (String) The attribute name for the user's Active Directory object identifier.
- `email` (String) The attribute name for the user's email.
- `security_identifier` (String) The attribute name for the user's security identifier.
- `user_display_name` (String) The attribute name for the user's display name.
- `user_family_name` (String) The attribute name for the user's family name.
- `user_given_name` (String) The attribute name for the user's given name.
- `user_principal_name` (String) The attribute name for the user's principal name.