---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "citrix_image_version Data Source - citrix"
subcategory: "CVAD"
description: |-
  Data source an image version. Note that this feature is in Tech Preview.
---

# citrix_image_version (Data Source)

Data source an image version. **Note that this feature is in Tech Preview.**

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Define Image Version data source by id
data "citrix_image_version" "example_image_version_by_id" {
    id               = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
    image_definition = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
}

# Define Image Version data source by version number
data "citrix_image_version" "example_image_version_by_version_number" {
    version_number = 1
    image_definition = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `image_definition` (String) Id of the image definition to associate this image version with.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The id of the image version.
- `timeout` (Attributes) Timeout in minutes for the long-running jobs in image definition resource's create, delete operation(s). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeout))
- `version_number` (Number) The version number of the image version.

### Read-Only

- `azure_image_specs` (Attributes) Image configuration for Azure image version. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_image_specs))
- `description` (String) Description of the image version.
- `hypervisor` (String) Id of the hypervisor to use for creating this image version.
- `hypervisor_resource_pool` (String) Id of the hypervisor resource pool to use for creating this image version.
- `network_mapping` (Attributes List) Specifies how the attached NICs are mapped to networks. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_mapping))
- `os_type` (String) The OS type of the image version.
- `session_support` (String) Session support for the image version.
- `vsphere_image_specs` (Attributes) Image configuration for vSphere image version. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vsphere_image_specs))

<a id="nestedatt--timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeout`

Optional:

- `create` (Number) Timeout in minutes for the long-running jobs in create operation. Defaults to 10. Minimum value is 5.
- `delete` (Number) Timeout in minutes for the long-running jobs in delete operation. Defaults to 10. Minimum value is 5.


<a id="nestedatt--azure_image_specs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_image_specs`

Read-Only:

- `disk_encryption_set` (Attributes) The configuration for Disk Encryption Set (DES). The DES must be in the same subscription and region as your resources. If your master image is encrypted with a DES, use the same DES when creating this machine catalog. When using a DES, if you later disable the key with which the corresponding DES is associated in Azure, you can no longer power on the machines in this catalog or add machines to it. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_image_specs--disk_encryption_set))
- `license_type` (String) Windows license type used to provision virtual machines in Azure at the base compute rate. License types include: `Windows_Client` and `Windows_Server`.
- `machine_profile` (Attributes) The name of the virtual machine or template spec that will be used to identify the default value for the tags, virtual machine size, boot diagnostics, host cache property of OS disk, accelerated networking and availability zone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_image_specs--machine_profile))
- `service_offering` (String) The Azure VM Sku to use when creating machines.
- `storage_type` (String) Storage account type used for provisioned virtual machine disks on Azure. Storage types include: `Standard_LRS`, `StandardSSD_LRS` and `Premium_LRS`.

<a id="nestedatt--azure_image_specs--disk_encryption_set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_image_specs.disk_encryption_set`

Read-Only:

- `disk_encryption_set_name` (String) The name of the disk encryption set.
- `disk_encryption_set_resource_group` (String) The name of the resource group in which the disk encryption set resides.


<a id="nestedatt--azure_image_specs--machine_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_image_specs.machine_profile`

Read-Only:

- `machine_profile_resource_group` (String) The name of the resource group where the machine profile VM or template spec is located.
- `machine_profile_template_spec_name` (String) The name of the machine profile template spec.
- `machine_profile_template_spec_version` (String) The version of the machine profile template spec.
- `machine_profile_vm_name` (String) The name of the machine profile virtual machine.



<a id="nestedatt--network_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_mapping`

Required:

- `network` (String) The name of the virtual network that the device should be attached to. This must be a subnet within a Virtual Private Cloud item in the resource pool to which the Machine Catalog is associated.<br />For AWS, please specify the network mask of the network you want to use within the VPC.
- `network_device` (String) Name or Id of the network device.


<a id="nestedatt--vsphere_image_specs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vsphere_image_specs`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_count` (Number) The number of processors that virtual machines created from the provisioning scheme should use.
- `disk_size` (Number) The size of the disk in GB.
- `image_snapshot` (String) The Snapshot of the virtual machine specified in `master_image_vm`. Specify the relative path of the snapshot. Eg: snaphost-1/snapshot-2/snapshot-3. This property is case sensitive.
- `machine_profile` (String) The name of the virtual machine template that will be used to identify the default value for the tags, virtual machine size, boot diagnostics and host cache property of OS disk.
- `master_image_vm` (String) The name of the virtual machine that will be used as master image. This property is case sensitive.
- `memory_mb` (Number) The maximum amount of memory that virtual machines created from the provisioning scheme should use.