---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "citrix_policy_set Data Source - citrix"
subcategory: "CVAD"
description: |-
  Data source of a policy set and the policies within it. The order of the policies in this data source reflects the policy priority.
---

# citrix_policy_set (Data Source)

Data source of a policy set and the policies within it. The order of the policies in this data source reflects the policy priority.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get Policy Set data source by id
data "citrix_policy_set" "example_policy_set_data_source_with_id" {
    id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
}

# Get Policy Set data source by name
data "citrix_policy_set" "example_policy_set_data_source_with_name" {
    name = "example-policy-set"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) GUID identifier of the policy set.
- `name` (String) Name of the policy set.

### Read-Only

- `assigned` (Boolean) Indicate whether the policy set is being assigned to delivery groups.
- `description` (String) Description of the policy set.
- `policies` (Attributes List) Ordered list of policies. 

-> **Note** The order of policies in the list determines the priority of the policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))
- `scopes` (Set of String) The IDs of the scopes for the policy set to be a part of.
- `type` (String) Type of the policy set. Type can be one of `SitePolicies`, `DeliveryGroupPolicies`, `SiteTemplates`, or `CustomTemplates`.

<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Optional:

- `branch_repeater_filter` (Attributes) Definition of branch repeater policy filter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--branch_repeater_filter))

Read-Only:

- `access_control_filters` (Attributes Set) Set of Access control policy filters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--access_control_filters))
- `client_ip_filters` (Attributes Set) Set of Client ip policy filters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--client_ip_filters))
- `client_name_filters` (Attributes Set) Set of Client name policy filters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--client_name_filters))
- `delivery_group_filters` (Attributes Set) Set of Delivery group policy filters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--delivery_group_filters))
- `delivery_group_type_filters` (Attributes Set) Set of Delivery group type policy filters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--delivery_group_type_filters))
- `description` (String) Description of the policy.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicate whether the policy is being enabled.
- `id` (String) Id of the policy.
- `name` (String) Name of the policy.
- `ou_filters` (Attributes Set) Set of Organizational unit policy filters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--ou_filters))
- `policy_settings` (Attributes Set) Set of policy settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--policy_settings))
- `tag_filters` (Attributes Set) Set of Tag policy filters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--tag_filters))
- `user_filters` (Attributes Set) Set of User policy filters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--user_filters))

<a id="nestedatt--policies--branch_repeater_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.branch_repeater_filter`

Read-Only:

- `allowed` (Boolean) Indicate the filtered policy is allowed or denied if the filter condition is met.
- `id` (String) Id of the branch repeater policy filter.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--access_control_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.access_control_filters`

Read-Only:

- `allowed` (Boolean) Indicate the filtered policy is allowed or denied if the filter condition is met.
- `condition` (String) Gateway condition for the policy filter.
- `connection` (String) Gateway connection for the policy filter.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicate whether the filter is being enabled.
- `gateway` (String) Gateway for the policy filter.
- `id` (String) Id of the policy filter.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--client_ip_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.client_ip_filters`

Read-Only:

- `allowed` (Boolean) Indicate the filtered policy is allowed or denied if the filter condition is met.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicate whether the filter is being enabled.
- `id` (String) Id of the client ip policy filter.
- `ip_address` (String) IP Address of the client to be filtered.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--client_name_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.client_name_filters`

Read-Only:

- `allowed` (Boolean) Indicate the filtered policy is allowed or denied if the filter condition is met.
- `client_name` (String) Name of the client to be filtered.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicate whether the filter is being enabled.
- `id` (String) Id of the client name policy filter.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--delivery_group_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.delivery_group_filters`

Read-Only:

- `allowed` (Boolean) Indicate the filtered policy is allowed or denied if the filter condition is met.
- `delivery_group_id` (String) Id of the delivery group to be filtered.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicate whether the filter is being enabled.
- `id` (String) Id of the delivery group policy filter.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--delivery_group_type_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.delivery_group_type_filters`

Read-Only:

- `allowed` (Boolean) Indicate the filtered policy is allowed or denied if the filter condition is met.
- `delivery_group_type` (String) Type of the delivery groups to be filtered.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicate whether the filter is being enabled.
- `id` (String) Id of the delivery group type policy filter.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--ou_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.ou_filters`

Read-Only:

- `allowed` (Boolean) Indicate the filtered policy is allowed or denied if the filter condition is met.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicate whether the filter is being enabled.
- `id` (String) Id of the organizational unit policy filter.
- `ou` (String) Organizational Unit to be filtered.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--policy_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.policy_settings`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether of the policy setting has enabled or allowed value.
- `name` (String) Name of the policy setting.
- `use_default` (Boolean) Indicate whether using default value for the policy setting.
- `value` (String) Value of the policy setting.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--tag_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.tag_filters`

Read-Only:

- `allowed` (Boolean) Indicate the filtered policy is allowed or denied if the filter condition is met.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicate whether the filter is being enabled.
- `id` (String) Id of the tag policy filter.
- `tag` (String) Tag to be filtered.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--user_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.user_filters`

Read-Only:

- `allowed` (Boolean) Indicate the filtered policy is allowed or denied if the filter condition is met.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicate whether the filter is being enabled.
- `id` (String) Id of the user policy filter.
- `sid` (String) SID of the user or user group to be filtered.