---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "citrix_cloud_saml_identity_provider Resource - citrix"
subcategory: "Citrix Cloud"
description: |-
  Manages a SAML 2.0 Identity Provider instance. Note that this feature is in Tech Preview.
---

# citrix_cloud_saml_identity_provider (Resource)

Manages a SAML 2.0 Identity Provider instance. Note that this feature is in Tech Preview.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "citrix_cloud_saml_identity_provider" "example_saml_idp" {
    name                                = "example SAML 2.0 idp"
    auth_domain_name                    = "exampleAuthDomain"
    
    entity_id                           = var.saml_entity_id
    use_scoped_entity_id                = false

    single_sign_on_service_url          = var.saml_sso_url
    sign_auth_request                   = true
    single_sign_on_service_binding      = "HttpPost"
    saml_response                       = "SignEitherResponseOrAssertion"
    cert_file_path                      = var.cert_file_path
    authentication_context              = "Unspecified"
    authentication_context_comparison   = "Exact"

    logout_url                          = var.saml_logout_url
    sign_logout_request                 = true
    logout_binding                      = "HttpPost"

    attribute_names = {
        user_display_name       = "displayName"
        user_given_name         = "givenName"
        user_family_name        = "familyName"
        security_identifier     = "cip_sid"
        user_principal_name     = "cip_upn"
        email                   = "cip_email"
        ad_object_identifier    = "cip_oid"
        ad_forest               = "cip_forest"
        ad_domain               = "cip_domain"
    }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attribute_names` (Attributes) Defines the attribute mappings for SAML 2.0 Identity Provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attribute_names))
- `auth_domain_name` (String) Auth Domain name of the SAML 2.0 Identity Provider instance.
- `authentication_context` (String) The authentication context. Valid values are `Unspecified`, `UserNameAndPassword`, `X509Cert`, `IntegratedWinAuth`, `Kerberos`, `PasswordProtectedTransport` and `TLSClient`.
- `authentication_context_comparison` (String) The authentication context comparison type. Valid values are `Exact` and `Minimum`.
- `cert_file_path` (String) The file path of the certificate.
- `entity_id` (String) The entity ID of the SAML 2.0 Identity Provider.
- `name` (String) Name of the SAML 2.0 Identity Provider instance.
- `saml_response` (String) The SAML response. Valid values are `SignEitherResponseOrAssertion`, `MustSignResponse`, and `MustSignAssertion`.
- `single_sign_on_service_binding` (String) The binding of the single sign-on service. Valid values are `HttpPost` and `HttpRedirect`.
- `single_sign_on_service_url` (String) The URL of the single sign-on service.

### Optional

- `logout_binding` (String) The binding of the logout service. Valid values are `HttpPost` and `HttpRedirect`.
- `logout_url` (String) The URL of the logout service.
- `sign_auth_request` (String) Whether to sign the authentication request. Valid values are `Yes` and `No`. Defaults to `Yes`.
- `sign_logout_request` (String) Whether to sign the logout request. Valid values are `Yes` and `No`.
- `use_scoped_entity_id` (Boolean) Whether to use the Scoped Entity Id.

### Read-Only

- `cert_common_name` (String) The common name of the SAML certificate.
- `cert_expiration` (String) The expiration date time of the SAML certificate.
- `id` (String) Id of the SAML 2.0 Identity Provider instance.
- `scoped_entity_id_suffix` (String) The Scoped Entity Id Suffix for the SAML 2.0 Identity Provider.

<a id="nestedatt--attribute_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attribute_names`

Optional:

- `ad_domain` (String) The attribute name for the user's Active Directory domain. Defaults to `cip_domain`.
- `ad_forest` (String) The attribute name for the user's Active Directory forest. Defaults to `cip_forest`.
- `ad_object_identifier` (String) The attribute name for the user's Active Directory object identifier. Defaults to `cip_oid`.
- `email` (String) The attribute name for the user's email. Defaults to `cip_email`.
- `security_identifier` (String) The attribute name for the user's security identifier. Defaults to `cip_sid`.
- `user_display_name` (String) The attribute name for the user's display name. Defaults to `displayName`.
- `user_family_name` (String) The attribute name for the user's family name. Defaults to `familyName`.
- `user_given_name` (String) The attribute name for the user's given name. Defaults to `givenName`.
- `user_principal_name` (String) The attribute name for the user's principal name. Defaults to `cip_upn`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# SAML 2.0 Identity Provider can be imported by specifying the GUID
terraform import citrix_cloud_saml_identity_provider.example_saml_idp 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
```