---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "citrix_daas_delivery_group Resource - citrix"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a delivery group.
---

# citrix_daas_delivery_group (Resource)

Manages a delivery group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "citrix_daas_delivery_group" "example-delivery-group" {
    name = "example-delivery-group"
    associated_machine_catalogs = [
        {
        machine_catalog = citrix_daas_machine_catalog.example-azure-mtsession.id
        machine_count = 1
        }
    ]
    autoscale_enabled = true 
    users = [
        "user@example.com",
    ]
    autoscale_settings = {
        disconnect_peak_idle_session_after_seconds = 3600
        log_off_peak_disconnected_session_after_seconds = 3600
        peak_log_off_action = "Nothing"
        power_time_schemes = [
            {
                days_of_week = [
                    "Monday",
                    "Tuesday",
                    "Wednesday",
                    "Thursday",
                    "Friday"
                ]
                display_name = "weekdays schedule"
                peak_time_ranges = [
                    "09:00-17:00"
                ]
                pool_size_schedules = [
                    {
                        "time_range": "00:00-00:00",
                        "pool_size": 1
                    }
                ],
                pool_using_percentage = false
            },
        ]
    }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `associated_machine_catalogs` (Attributes List) Machine catalogs from which to assign machines to the newly created delivery group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--associated_machine_catalogs))
- `name` (String) Name of the delivery group.

### Optional

- `allow_anonymous_access` (Boolean) Give access to unauthenticated (anonymous) users; no credentials are required to access StoreFront. This feature requires a StoreFront store for unauthenticated users.
- `autoscale_settings` (Attributes) The power management settings governing the machine(s) in the delivery group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--autoscale_settings))
- `description` (String) Description of the delivery group.
- `desktops` (Attributes List) A list of Desktop resources to publish on the delivery group. Only 1 desktop can be added to a Remote PC Delivery Group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--desktops))
- `restricted_access_users` (Attributes) Restrict access to this Delivery Group by specifying users and groups in the allow and block list. If no value is specified, all authenticated users will have access to this Delivery Group. To give access to unauthenticated users, use the `allow_anonymous_access` property. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--restricted_access_users))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) GUID identifier of the delivery group.
- `total_machines` (Number) The total number of machines in the delivery group.

<a id="nestedatt--associated_machine_catalogs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `associated_machine_catalogs`

Required:

- `machine_catalog` (String) Id of the machine catalog from which to add machines.
- `machine_count` (Number) The number of machines to assign from the machine catalog to the delivery group.


<a id="nestedatt--autoscale_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `autoscale_settings`

Required:

- `autoscale_enabled` (Boolean) Whether auto-scale is enabled for the delivery group.
- `power_time_schemes` (Attributes List) Power management time schemes.  No two schemes for the same delivery group may cover the same day of the week. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--autoscale_settings--power_time_schemes))

Optional:

- `disconnect_off_peak_idle_session_after_seconds` (Number) Specifies the time in seconds after which an idle session belonging to the delivery group is disconnected during off-peak time.
- `disconnect_peak_idle_session_after_seconds` (Number) Specifies the time in seconds after which an idle session belonging to the delivery group is disconnected during peak time.
- `log_off_off_peak_disconnected_session_after_seconds` (Number) Specifies the time in seconds after which a disconnected session belonging to the delivery group is terminated during off peak time.
- `log_off_peak_disconnected_session_after_seconds` (Number) Specifies the time in seconds after which a disconnected session belonging to the delivery group is terminated during peak time.
- `off_peak_buffer_size_percent` (Number) The percentage of machines in the delivery group that should be kept available in an idle state outside peak hours.
- `off_peak_disconnect_action` (String) The action to be performed after a configurable period of a user session disconnecting outside peak hours.
- `off_peak_disconnect_timeout_minutes` (Number) The number of minutes before the configured action should be performed after a user session disconnectts outside peak hours.
- `off_peak_extended_disconnect_action` (String) The action to be performed after a second configurable period of a user session disconnecting outside peak hours.
- `off_peak_extended_disconnect_timeout_minutes` (Number) The number of minutes before the second configured action should be performed after a user session disconnects outside peak hours.
- `off_peak_log_off_action` (String) The action to be performed after a configurable period of a user session ending outside peak hours.
- `peak_buffer_size_percent` (Number) The percentage of machines in the delivery group that should be kept available in an idle state in peak hours.
- `peak_disconnect_action` (String) The action to be performed after a configurable period of a user session disconnecting in peak hours.
- `peak_disconnect_timeout_minutes` (Number) The number of minutes before the configured action should be performed after a user session disconnects in peak hours.
- `peak_extended_disconnect_action` (String) The action to be performed after a second configurable period of a user session disconnecting in peak hours.
- `peak_extended_disconnect_timeout_minutes` (Number) The number of minutes before the second configured action should be performed after a user session disconnects in peak hours.
- `peak_log_off_action` (String) The action to be performed after a configurable period of a user session ending in peak hours.
- `power_off_delay_minutes` (Number) Delay before machines are powered off, when scaling down. Specified in minutes. Applies only to multi-session machines.
- `timezone` (String) The time zone in which this delivery group's machines reside.

<a id="nestedatt--autoscale_settings--power_time_schemes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `autoscale_settings.power_time_schemes`

Required:

- `days_of_week` (List of String) The pattern of days of the week that the power time scheme covers.
- `display_name` (String) The name of the power time scheme as displayed in the console.
- `peak_time_ranges` (List of String) List of peak time ranges during the day. e.g. 09:00-17:00
- `pool_size_schedules` (Attributes List) List of pool size schedules during the day. Each is specified as a time range and an indicator of the number of machines that should be powered on during that time range. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--autoscale_settings--power_time_schemes--pool_size_schedules))
- `pool_using_percentage` (Boolean) Indicates whether the integer values in the pool size array are to be treated as absolute values (if this value is `false`) or as percentages of the number of machines in the delivery group (if this value is `true`).

<a id="nestedatt--autoscale_settings--power_time_schemes--pool_size_schedules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `autoscale_settings.power_time_schemes.pool_size_schedules`

Required:

- `pool_size` (Number) The number of machines (either as an absolute number or a percentage of the machines in the delivery group, depending on the value of PoolUsingPercentage) that are to be maintained in a running state, whether they are in use or not.
- `time_range` (String) Time range during which the pool size applies.




<a id="nestedatt--desktops"></a>
### Nested Schema for `desktops`

Required:

- `enable_session_roaming` (Boolean) When enabled, if the user launches this desktop and then moves to another device, the same session is used, and applications are available on both devices. When disabled, the session no longer roams between devices. Should be set to false for Remote PC Delivery Group.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable the delivery of this desktop.
- `published_name` (String) A display name for the desktop.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description for the published desktop. The name and description are shown in Citrix Workspace app.
- `restricted_access_users` (Attributes) Restrict access to this Desktop by specifying users and groups in the allow and block list. If no value is specified, all users that have access to this Delivery Group will have access to the Desktop. Required for Remote PC Delivery Groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--desktops--restricted_access_users))

<a id="nestedatt--desktops--restricted_access_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `desktops.restricted_access_users`

Required:

- `allow_list` (List of String) Users who can use this Desktop.

Optional:

- `block_list` (List of String) Users who cannot use this Desktop. A block list is meaningful only when used to block users in the allow list.



<a id="nestedatt--restricted_access_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `restricted_access_users`

Required:

- `allow_list` (List of String) Users who can use this Delivery Group.

Optional:

- `block_list` (List of String) Users who cannot use this Delivery Group. A block list is meaningful only when used to block users in the allow list.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Delivery Group can be imported by specifying the GUID
terraform import citrix_daas_delivery_group.example-delivery-group a92ac0d6-9a0f-477a-a504-07cae8fccb81
```
