---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "citrix_nutanix_hypervisor Resource - citrix"
subcategory: "CVAD"
description: |-
  Manages a Nutanix AHV hypervisor.
---

# citrix_nutanix_hypervisor (Resource)

Manages a Nutanix AHV hypervisor.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Nutanix Hypervisor
resource "citrix_nutanix_hypervisor" "example-nutanix-hypervisor" {
    name               = "example-nutanix-hypervisor"
    zone               = "<Zone Id>"
    username           = "<Username>"
    password           = "<Password_In_Plaintext>"
    password_format    = "Plaintext"
    addresses          = ["10.122.36.26"]
    max_absolute_active_actions = 20
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `addresses` (List of String) Hypervisor address(es). At least one is required.
- `name` (String) Name of the hypervisor.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password of the hypervisor.
- `password_format` (String) Password format of the hypervisor. Choose between Base64 and PlainText.
- `username` (String) Username of the hypervisor.
- `zone` (String) Id of the zone the hypervisor is associated with.

### Optional

- `max_absolute_active_actions` (Number) Maximum number of actions that can execute in parallel on the hypervisor. Default is 100.
- `max_absolute_new_actions_per_minute` (Number) Maximum number of actions that can be started on the hypervisor per-minute. Default is 10.
- `max_power_actions_percentage_of_machines` (Number) Maximum percentage of machines on the hypervisor which can have their power state changed simultaneously. Default is 20.
- `metadata` (Attributes List) Metadata for the Hypervisor.

~> **Please Note** Metadata once set cannot be removed. Use this field to add new metadata or update the value for an existing metadata. Subsequently, removing any metadata from config will have no effect on the existing metadata of the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `scopes` (Set of String) The IDs of the scopes for the hypervisor to be a part of.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) GUID identifier of the hypervisor.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Metadata name.
- `value` (String) Metadata value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Nutanix Hypervisor can be imported by specifying the GUID
terraform import citrix_nutanix_hypervisor.example-nutanix-hypervisor b2339edf-7b00-436e-9c3a-54c987c3526e
```