---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "citrix_openshift_hypervisor Resource - citrix"
subcategory: "CVAD"
description: |-
  Manages an OpenShift hypervisor.
---

# citrix_openshift_hypervisor (Resource)

Manages an OpenShift hypervisor.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "citrix_openshift_hypervisor" "example-openshift-hypervisor" {
    name                                     = "example-openshift-hypervisor"
    zone                                     = "<Zone Id>"
    service_account_token                    = "<Service_Access_Token_In_Plaintext>"
    addresses                                = ["<Openshift_cluster_connection_address>"]
    ssl_thumbprints                          = ["<SSL_Thumbprint>"]
    max_absolute_active_actions              = 150
    max_absolute_new_actions_per_minute      = 30
    max_power_actions_percentage_of_machines = 40
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `addresses` (List of String) Hypervisor address(es). At least one is required.
- `name` (String) Name of the hypervisor.
- `service_account_token` (String, Sensitive) The Application Secret of the service principal used to access the OpenShift APIs.
- `ssl_thumbprints` (List of String) SSL certificate thumbprints to consider acceptable for this connection. If not specified, and the hypervisor uses SSL for its connection, the SSL certificate's root certification authority and any intermediate certificates must be trusted.
- `zone` (String) Id of the zone the hypervisor is associated with.

### Optional

- `max_absolute_active_actions` (Number) Maximum number of actions that can execute in parallel on the hypervisor. Default is 100.
- `max_absolute_new_actions_per_minute` (Number) Maximum number of actions that can be started on the hypervisor per-minute. Default is 10.
- `max_power_actions_percentage_of_machines` (Number) Maximum percentage of machines on the hypervisor which can have their power state changed simultaneously. Default is 20.
- `metadata` (Attributes List) Metadata for the Hypervisor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `scopes` (Set of String) The IDs of the scopes for the hypervisor to be a part of.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) GUID identifier of the hypervisor.
- `tenants` (Set of String) A set of identifiers of tenants to associate with the hypervisor connection.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Metadata name.
- `value` (String) Metadata value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# OpenShift Hypervisor can be imported by specifying the GUID
terraform import citrix_openshift_hypervisor.example-openshift-hypervisor b2339edf-7b00-436e-9c3a-54c987c3526e
```