---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "citrix_quickdeploy_catalog Resource - citrix"
subcategory: "DaaS Quick Deploy - Citrix Managed Azure"
description: |-
  Manages a Citrix Managed Catalog. Note that this feature is in Tech Preview.
---

# citrix_quickdeploy_catalog (Resource)

Manages a Citrix Managed Catalog. **Note that this feature is in Tech Preview.**

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Quick Deploy Non-Domain-Joined Managed Catalog with Default Power Schedule
resource citrix_quickdeploy_catalog default-power-schedule-catalog {
    name = "example-quickdeploy-catalog"
    catalog_type = "MultiSession"
    region = "East US"
    subscription_name = "Citrix Managed"
    template_image_id = "<Template Image ID>"
    machine_size = "d2asv5"
    storage_type = "StandardSSD_LRS"
    number_of_users = 2
    max_users_per_vm = 4
    power_schedule = {}
}

# Quick Deploy Non-Domain-Joined Managed Catalog with custom Power Schedule and custom Machine Naming Scheme
resource citrix_quickdeploy_catalog custom-power-schedule-catalog {
    name = "example-quickdeploy-catalog-custom-schedule"
    catalog_type = "MultiSession"
    region = "East US"
    subscription_name = "Citrix Managed"
    template_image_id = "<Template Image ID>"
    machine_size = "d2asv5"
    storage_type = "StandardSSD_LRS"
    number_of_users = 4
    max_users_per_vm = 4
    machine_naming_scheme = {
        naming_scheme = "example-vda-#"
        naming_scheme_type = "Numeric"
    }
    power_schedule = {
        weekdays = ["monday", "tuesday", "wednesday", "thursday", "friday"]
        peak_start_time = 9
        peak_end_time = 18
        peak_time_zone_id = "Pacific Standard Time"
        peak_off_delay = 15
    }
}

# Quick Deploy Domain-Joined Managed Catalog with Default Power Schedule
data "citrix_quickdeploy_onprem_network_connection" "example_network_connection" {
    name = "example-network-connection-name"
}

resource citrix_quickdeploy_catalog domain-joined-catalog {
    name = "example-quickdeploy-catalog"
    catalog_type = "MultiSession"
    region = "East US"
    subscription_name = "Citrix Managed"
    template_image_id = "<Template Image ID>"
    machine_size = "d2asv5"
    storage_type = "StandardSSD_LRS"
    number_of_users = 2
    max_users_per_vm = 4
    power_schedule = {}
    on_prem_connectivity = {
        onprem_network_connection_id = data.citrix_quickdeploy_onprem_network_connection.example_network_connection.id
        domain_identity = {
            domain                   = "acme.net"
            service_account          = "admin"
            service_account_password = "<service account password>"
        }
    }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the managed catalog.
- `number_of_users` (Number) Number of users for the catalog. Defaults to `1`.
- `power_schedule` (Attributes) The power management schedule for the Citrix Managed catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--power_schedule))
- `region` (String) The Azure region to deploy the managed catalog.
- `template_image_id` (String) The GUID identifier of the template image for creating the managed catalog.

### Optional

- `catalog_type` (String) Denotes how the machines in the catalog are allocated to a user. Choose between `MultiSession`, `SingleSessionStatic` and `SingleSessionRandom`.

 -> **Note** Catalog type is required when `persona` is not specified. When a persona is specified, the catalog type associated with the persona will be used. However, catalog type can still be specified alongside certain personas as an add-on (extra credits).
- `machine_naming_scheme` (Attributes) Rules specifying how Active Directory machine accounts should be created when machines are provisioned.

~> **Please Note** When importing a `citrix_quickdeploy_catalog` resource, `machine_naming_scheme` must be omitted in the terraform resource body. Explicitly setting it will result in replacing the quick deploy catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--machine_naming_scheme))
- `machine_size` (String) The Azure VM SKU to use for creating machines.

 -> **Note** Machine size is required when `persona` is not specified. When a persona is specified, the machine size associated with the persona is used.
- `max_users_per_vm` (Number) Maximum number of concurrent users that could launch session on the same machine. Only allowed to have more than 1 concurrent user when `catalog_type` is `MultiSession`.

 -> **Note** When a persona is specified, the max users per VM associated with the persona is used and this field must not be specified.
- `on_prem_connectivity` (Attributes) On-Premises connectivity configuration for creating a domain-joined catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--on_prem_connectivity))
- `persona` (String) The name of the persona to be used for the catalog.

 -> **Note** When persona is specified, values for `machine_size`, `storage_type` and `catalog_type` are derived from the persona. Only `catalog_type` can be specified alongside certain personas as an add-on.
- `storage_type` (String) Storage account type used for provisioned virtual machine disks on Azure. Storage types include: `Standard_LRS`, `StandardSSD_LRS` and `Premium_LRS`.

 -> **Note** Storage type is required when `persona` is not specified. When a persona is specified, the storage type associated with the persona is used.
- `subscription_name` (String) The name of the Citrix Managed Azure subscription to deploy the managed catalog. Defaults to `Citrix Managed` if omitted.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) GUID identifier of the managed catalog.
- `max_number_of_users` (Number) Maximum number of users allowed for the current catalog capacity.

<a id="nestedatt--power_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `power_schedule`

Optional:

- `multi_session_disconnected_session_timeout` (Number) The timeout in minutes after which disconnected sessions on multi-session VMs should be logged off. This value is valid only for `MultiSession` catalogs. Defaults to `45` if not specified.

-> **Note** Applies only to Multi Session catalogs.
- `off_peak_disconnected_session_action` (String) The action to be performed after a configurable period of a user session disconnecting outside peak hours. Choose between `Nothing`, `Suspend`, and `Shutdown`. Default is `Shutdown`.

-> **Note** Applies only to Single Session catalogs.
- `off_peak_disconnected_session_timeout` (Number) The number of minutes before the configured action should be performed after a user session disconnects outside peak hours.

-> **Note** Applies only to Single Session catalogs.
- `off_peak_extended_disconnect_timeout` (Number) The number of minutes after which shutdown should be performed if a user session is suspended the first time outside peak hours.

-> **Note** Applies only to Single Session catalogs.
- `peak_disconnected_session_action` (String) The action to be performed after a configurable period of a user session disconnecting in peak hours. Choose between `Nothing`, `Suspend`, and `Shutdown`. Default is `Shutdown`.

-> **Note** Applies only to Single Session catalogs.
- `peak_disconnected_session_timeout` (Number) The number of minutes before the configured action should be performed after a user session disconnects in peak hours.

-> **Note** Applies only to Single Session catalogs.
- `peak_end_time` (Number) The end time of peak hours (0-23).
- `peak_extended_disconnect_timeout` (Number) The number of minutes after which shutdown should be performed if a user session is suspended the first time in peak hours.

-> **Note** Applies only to Single Session catalogs.
- `peak_start_time` (Number) The start time of peak hours (0-23).
- `peak_time_zone_id` (String) The time zone for peak hours. Default is `Eastern Standard Time`.
- `power_off_delay` (Number) Delay before machines are powered off, when scaling down. Specified in minutes. 

~> **Please Note** Applies only to multi-session machines. 

-> **Note** If not specified, the power-off delay is 30 minutes. You can set it in a range of 0 to 60 minutes.
- `session_timeout` (Number) The idle timeout in minutes after which sessions are disconnected. Defaults to `15`.
- `weekdays` (Set of String) The pattern of days of the week that the power time scheme covers.


<a id="nestedatt--machine_naming_scheme"></a>
### Nested Schema for `machine_naming_scheme`

Required:

- `naming_scheme` (String) Defines the template name for AD accounts created in the identity pool.
- `naming_scheme_type` (String) Type of naming scheme. This defines the format of the variable part of the AD account names that will be created. Choose between `Numeric` and `Alphabetic`.


<a id="nestedatt--on_prem_connectivity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `on_prem_connectivity`

Required:

- `onprem_network_connection_id` (String) The GUID identifier of the Network Connection for the on-premises network.

Optional:

- `domain_identity` (Attributes) The domain identity for creating machines in the domain-joined Citrix Managed Azure catalog. Only required when the machines in catalog are domain-joined (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--on_prem_connectivity--domain_identity))

<a id="nestedatt--on_prem_connectivity--domain_identity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `on_prem_connectivity.domain_identity`

Required:

- `domain` (String) The AD domain where machine accounts will be created. Specify this in FQDN format; for example, MyDomain.com.
- `service_account` (String) Service account for the domain. Only the username is required; do not include the domain name.
- `service_account_password` (String, Sensitive) Service account password for the domain.

Optional:

- `domain_ou` (String) The organization unit that computer accounts will be created into.
- `service_account_domain` (String) The domain name of the service account if it is in a different domain from where the machines resides. **This is not yet supported in Citrix Managed Azure Catalogs.**
- `service_account_id` (String) The service account Id to be used for managing the machine accounts. **This is not yet supported in Citrix Managed Azure Catalogs.**