---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "citrix_scvmm_hypervisor Resource - citrix"
subcategory: "CVAD"
description: |-
  Manages a Microsoft System Virtual Machines Manager hypervisor.
---

# citrix_scvmm_hypervisor (Resource)

Manages a Microsoft System Virtual Machines Manager hypervisor.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# SCVMM Hypervisor
resource "citrix_scvmm_hypervisor" "example-scvmm-hypervisor" {
    name               = "example-scvmm-hypervisor"
    zone               = "<Zone Id>"
    username           = "<Username>"
    password           = "<Password_In_Plaintext>"
    password_format    = "Plaintext"
    addresses          = ["scvmm.example.com"]
    max_absolute_active_actions = 50
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `addresses` (List of String) Hypervisor address(es). At least one is required.
- `name` (String) Name of the hypervisor.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password of the hypervisor.
- `password_format` (String) Password format of the hypervisor. Choose between Base64 and PlainText.
- `username` (String) Username of the hypervisor.
- `zone` (String) Id of the zone the hypervisor is associated with.

### Optional

- `max_absolute_active_actions` (Number) Maximum number of actions that can execute in parallel on the hypervisor. Default is 50.
- `max_absolute_new_actions_per_minute` (Number) Maximum number of actions that can be started on the hypervisor per-minute. Default is 10.
- `max_power_actions_percentage_of_machines` (Number) Maximum percentage of machines on the hypervisor which can have their power state changed simultaneously. Default is 10.
- `metadata` (Attributes List) Metadata for the Hypervisor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `scopes` (Set of String) The IDs of the scopes for the hypervisor to be a part of.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) GUID identifier of the hypervisor.
- `tenants` (Set of String) A set of identifiers of tenants to associate with the hypervisor connection.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Metadata name.
- `value` (String) Metadata value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# SCVMM Hypervisor can be imported by specifying the GUID
terraform import citrix_scvmm_hypervisor.example-scvmm-hypervisor b2338edf-281b-436e-9c3a-54c546c3526e
```