---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "citrix_scvmm_hypervisor_resource_pool Resource - citrix"
subcategory: "CVAD"
description: |-
  Manages a Microsoft System Virtual Machines Manager hypervisor resource pool.
---

# citrix_scvmm_hypervisor_resource_pool (Resource)

Manages a Microsoft System Virtual Machines Manager hypervisor resource pool.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "citrix_scvmm_hypervisor_resource_pool" "example-scvmm-hypervisor-resource-pool" {
    name                = "example-scvmm-hypervisor-resource-pool"
    hypervisor          = citrix_scvmm_hypervisor.example-scvmm-hypervisor.id
    host = "<host name>"
    networks    = [
        "<network 1 name>",
        "<network 2 name>"
    ]
    storage     = [
        {
            storage_name = "<local or shared storage name>"
            superseded = false # Only to be used for updates
        }
    ]
    temporary_storage = [
        {
            storage_name = "<local or shared storage name>"
            superseded = false # Only to be used for updates
        }
    ]
    use_local_storage_caching = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host` (String) The name of the host.
- `hypervisor` (String) Id of the hypervisor for which the resource pool needs to be created.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource pool. Name should be unique across all hypervisors.
- `networks` (List of String) Networks for allocating resources.
- `storage` (Attributes List) Storage resources to use for OS data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))
- `temporary_storage` (Attributes List) Storage resources to use for temporary data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--temporary_storage))

### Optional

- `metadata` (Attributes List) Metadata for the Hypervisor Resource Pool.

~> **Please Note** Metadata once set cannot be removed. Use this field to add new metadata or update the value for an existing metadata. Subsequently, removing any metadata from config will have no effect on the existing metadata of the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `use_local_storage_caching` (Boolean) Indicates whether intellicache is enabled to reduce load on the shared storage device. Will only be effective when shared storage is used. Default value is `false`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) GUID identifier of the resource pool.

<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Required:

- `storage_name` (String) The name of the storage.

Optional:

- `superseded` (Boolean) Indicates whether the storage has been superseded. Superseded storage may be used for existing virtual machines, but is not used when provisioning new virtual machines. Use only when updating the resource pool.


<a id="nestedatt--temporary_storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `temporary_storage`

Required:

- `storage_name` (String) The name of the storage.

Optional:

- `superseded` (Boolean) Indicates whether the storage has been superseded. Superseded storage may be used for existing virtual machines, but is not used when provisioning new virtual machines. Use only when updating the resource pool.


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Metadata name.
- `value` (String) Metadata value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Hypervisor Resource Pool can be imported with the format HypervisorId,HypervisorResourcePoolId
terraform import citrix_scvmm_hypervisor_resource_pool.example-scvmm-hypervisor-resource-pool b2338edf-281b-436e-9c3a-54c546c3526e,ce571dd9-1a46-4b85-891c-484423322c53
```