---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "citrix_service_account Resource - citrix"
subcategory: "CVAD"
description: |-
  Resource for creating and managing service accounts.
---

# citrix_service_account (Resource)

Resource for creating and managing service accounts.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource citrix_service_account "example-azuread-service-account" {
    display_name = "example-azuread-service-account"
    description = "created with terraform"
    identity_provider_type = "AzureAD"
    identity_provider_identifier = "<Azure-Tenant-ID>"
    account_id = "<Application-ID>"
    account_secret = "<Application-Secret>"
    account_secret_format = "PlainText"
    enable_intune_enrolled_device_management = true
    secret_expiry_time = "2099-12-31"
}

resource citrix_service_account "example-ad-service-account" {
    display_name = "example-ad-service-account"
    description = "created with terraform"
    identity_provider_type = "ActiveDirectory"
    identity_provider_identifier = "domain.com" # Domain name
    account_id = "domain\\admin" # Admin user name
    account_secret = "admin-secret" # Admin password
    account_secret_format = "PlainText"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) The account ID of the service account.

 -> **Note** For Active Directory, this is the username. Username should be in `domain\username` format. For AzureAD, this is the application ID. The account ID must be in lowercase.
- `account_secret` (String, Sensitive) The password for the service account.

 -> **Note** For Active Directory, this is the password. For AzureAD, this is the client secret.
- `account_secret_format` (String) The format of the account secret. Possible values are `PlainText` and `Base64`.
- `display_name` (String) A friendly name for the service account.
- `identity_provider_identifier` (String) The identity provider identifier for the service account.

 -> **Note** For Active Directory, this is the domain name in the FQDN format. For example, `domain.com`. For AzureAD, this is the tenant ID.
- `identity_provider_type` (String) The identity provider type for the service account. Possible values are `ActiveDirectory` and `AzureAD`.

 -> **Note** 'Device.ReadWrite.All' permission is required for the service principal for Azure AD joined device management.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for the service account.
- `enable_intune_enrolled_device_management` (Boolean) Indicates whether the service account can perform Microsoft Intune enrolled device management. This is applicable only for AzureAD identity provider type.

 -> **Note** 'DeviceManagementManagedDevices.ReadWrite.All' permission is required for the service principal before enabling this capability.
- `scopes` (Set of String) The IDs of the scopes for the service account to be a part of.
- `secret_expiry_time` (String) The UTC expiration date of the account secret.

 -> **Note** The expected format is `YYYY-MM-DD`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) GUID identifier of the application.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Service account can be imported by specifying the ID
terraform import citrix_service_account ce571dd9-1a46-4b85-891c-484423322c53
```