---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "citrix_stf_roaming_gateway Resource - citrix"
subcategory: "StoreFront"
description: |-
  Manage a StoreFront roaming gateway in the global gateway list. Gateways for remote access and authentication are added to Stores from the globally managed list.
---

# citrix_stf_roaming_gateway (Resource)

Manage a StoreFront roaming gateway in the global gateway list. Gateways for remote access and authentication are added to Stores from the globally managed list.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "citrix_stf_roaming_gateway" "example-stf-roaming-gateway" {
    site_id                        = citrix_stf_deployment.example-stf-deployment.site_id
    name                           = "Example Roaming Gateway Name"
    logon_type                     = "Domain"
    smart_card_fallback_logon_type = "None"
    gateway_url                    = "https://example.gateway.url/"
    callback_url                   = "https://example.callback.url/"
    version                        = "Version10_0_69_4"
    subnet_ip_address              = "10.0.0.1"
    stas_bypass_duration           = "0.1:0:0"
    gslb_url                       = "https://example.gslb.url/"
    session_reliability            = false
    request_ticket_two_stas        = false
    stas_use_load_balancing        = false
    is_cloud_gateway               = false
    secure_ticket_authority_urls = [ {
      sta_url = "https://example.url/scripts/ctxsta.dll"
      sta_validation_enabled = true
      sta_validation_secret = "<STA Validation Secret>"
    }]

    // Add depends_on attribute to ensure the StoreFront Roaming Gateway is created after the Deployment
    depends_on = [ citrix_stf_deployment.example-stf-deployment ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `gateway_url` (String) The URL of the StoreFront gateway.
- `logon_type` (String) The login type required and supported by the Gateway. Possible values are `UsedForHDXOnly`, `Domain`, `RSA`, `DomainAndRSA`, `SMS`, `GatewayKnows`, `SmartCard`, and `None`.
- `name` (String) The name of the StoreFront roaming gateway.
- `site_id` (String) The IIS site id of the StoreFront roaming gateway.
- `subnet_ip_address` (String) The subnet IP address of the StoreFront gateway.

### Optional

- `callback_url` (String) The Gateway authentication NetScaler call-back Url.
- `gslb_url` (String) An optional URL which corresponds to the GSLB domain used by multiple gateways. Defaults to an empty string.
- `is_cloud_gateway` (Boolean) Whether the Gateway is an instance of Citrix Gateway Service in the cloud. Defaults to `false`.
- `request_ticket_two_stas` (Boolean) Request STA tickets from two STA servers (Requires two STA servers). Defaults to `false`.
- `secure_ticket_authority_urls` (Attributes List) The Secure Ticket Authority (STA) URLs. The STA servers validate the tickets that are issued by the StoreFront server. The STA servers must be reachable from the StoreFront server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secure_ticket_authority_urls))
- `session_reliability` (Boolean) Enable session reliability. Session Reliability keeps sessions active and on the user’s screen when network connectivity is interrupted. Users continue to see the application they are using until network connectivity resumes. Defaults to `false`.
- `smart_card_fallback_logon_type` (String) The login type to use when SmartCard fails. Possible values are `UsedForHDXOnly`, `Domain`, `RSA`, `DomainAndRSA`, `SMS`, `GatewayKnows`, `SmartCard`, and `None`. Defaults to `None`.
- `stas_bypass_duration` (String) Time before retrying a failed STA server in `dd.hh:mm:ss` format with 0's trimmed. Defaults to `0.1:0:0`
- `stas_use_load_balancing` (Boolean) Use load balancing for the Secure Ticket Authority (STA) servers. Defaults to `false`.
- `version` (String) The Citrix NetScaler Gateway version. Possible values are `Version10_0_69_4` and `Version9x`. Defaults to `Version10_0_69_4`.

### Read-Only

- `deployment` (String) The deployment type of the StoreFront gateway.
- `edition` (String) The Citrix NetScaler Gateway edition.

<a id="nestedatt--secure_ticket_authority_urls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secure_ticket_authority_urls`

Required:

- `sta_url` (String) The URL of the Secure Ticket Authority (STA) server.

Optional:

- `sta_validation_enabled` (Boolean) Whether Secure Ticket Authority (STA) validation is enabled. Defaults to `false`.
- `sta_validation_secret` (String, Sensitive) The Secure Ticket Authority (STA) validation secret.

Read-Only:

- `authority_id` (String) The ID of the Secure Ticket Authority (STA) server.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# StoreFront Roaming Gateway resource can be imported with the IIS Site ID and the StoreFront Roaming Gateway name
terraform import citrix_stf_roaming_gateway.example-stf-roaming-gateway 1,"Example Roaming Gateway Name"
```