---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "citrix_stf_store_service Resource - citrix"
subcategory: "StoreFront"
description: |-
  StoreFront StoreService.
---

# citrix_stf_store_service (Resource)

StoreFront StoreService.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "citrix_stf_store_service" "example-stf-store-service" {
	site_id      = citrix_stf_deployment.example-stf-deployment.site_id
	virtual_path = "/Citrix/Store"
	friendly_name = "Store"
	authentication_service_virtual_path  = "${citrix_stf_authentication_service.example-stf-authentication-service.virtual_path}"
	pna = {
		enable = true
	}
    enumeration_options = {
        enhanced_enumeration = false
        maximum_concurrent_enumerations = 2
        filter_by_keywords_include = ["AppSet1","AppSet2"]
    }
    launch_options = {
        vda_logon_data_provider = "FASLogonDataProvider"
    }
	farms = [
		{
			farm_name = "Controller1"
			farm_type = "XenDesktop"
			servers = ["cvad.storefront.com"] 
			port = 80
			zones = ["Primary","Secondary", "Thirds"]
		},
		{
			farm_name = "Controller2"
			farm_type = "XenDesktop"
			servers = ["cvad.storefront2.com"] 
			port = 443
			zones = ["Primary"]
		}
	]
	farm_settings = {
		enable_file_type_association = true
		communication_timeout = "0.0:0:0"
		connection_timeout = "0.0:0:0"
		leasing_status_expiry_failed = "0.0:0:0"
		leasing_status_expiry_leasing = "0.0:0:0"
		leasing_status_expiry_pending = "0.0:0:0"
		pooled_sockets = false
		server_communication_attempts = 5
		background_healthcheck_polling = "0.0:0:0"
		advanced_healthcheck = false
		cert_revocation_policy = "MustCheck"
    }

	// Add depends_on attribute to ensure the StoreFront Store with Authentication is created after the Authentication Service
  	depends_on = [ citrix_stf_authentication_service.example-stf-authentication-service ]
}

// Anonymous Authentication Service
resource "citrix_stf_store_service" "example-stf-store-service" {
	site_id      = citrix_stf_deployment.example-stf-deployment.site_id
	virtual_path = "/Citrix/Store"
	friendly_name = "Store"
	anonymous = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `farms` (Attributes List) A list of StoreFront Controller. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--farms))
- `virtual_path` (String) The IIS VirtualPath at which the Store will be configured to be accessed by Receivers.

### Optional

- `anonymous` (Boolean) Whether the Store is anonymous. Anonymous Store not requiring authentication.
- `authentication_service_virtual_path` (String) The Virtual Path of the StoreFront Authentication Service to use for authenticating users.
- `enumeration_options` (Attributes) Enumeration options for the Store (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--enumeration_options))
- `farm_settings` (Attributes) Store farm configuration settings for the Store. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--farm_settings))
- `friendly_name` (String) The friendly name of the Store
- `launch_options` (Attributes) Launch options for the Store (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--launch_options))
- `load_balance` (Boolean) Whether the Store is load balanced.
- `pna` (Attributes) StoreFront PNA (Program Neighborhood Agent) state of the Store (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pna))
- `roaming_account` (Attributes) Roaming account settings for the Store (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--roaming_account))
- `site_id` (String) The IIS site id of the StoreFront storeservice. Defaults to 1.

<a id="nestedatt--farms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `farms`

Required:

- `farm_name` (String) The name of the Farm.
- `farm_type` (String) The type of the Farm. Can be XenApp, XenDesktop, AppController, VDIinaBox, Store or SPA.
- `servers` (List of String) The list of servers in the Farm.

Optional:

- `all_failed_bypass_duration` (Number) Period of time to skip all xml service requests should all servers fail to respond. Defaults to 0.
- `bypass_duration` (Number) Period of time to skip a server when is fails to respond. Defaults to 60.
- `farm_guid` (String) A tag indicating the scope of the farm. Valid for cloud deployments only. Defaults to empty string.
- `load_balance` (Boolean) Round robin load balance the xml service servers. Defaults to true.
- `max_failed_servers_per_request` (Number) Maximum number of servers within a single farm that can fail before aborting a request.
- `port` (Number) Service communication port. Default is 443
- `product` (String) Cloud deployments only otherwise ignored. The product name of the farm configured. Defaults to empty string.
- `rade_ticket_time_to_live` (Number) Period of time a RADE launch ticket is valid once requested on pre 7.0 XenApp and XenDesktop farms. Defaults to 100.
- `restrict_pops` (String) Cloud deployments only otherwise ignored. Restricts GWaaS traffic to the specified POP. Defaults to empty string.
- `server_urls` (List of String) The url to the service location used to provide web and SaaS apps via this farm.
- `ssl_relay_port` (Number) The SSL Relay port. Default is 443
- `ticket_time_to_live` (Number) Period of time an ICA launch ticket is valid once requested on pre 7.0 XenApp and XenDesktop farms. Defaults to 200
- `transport_type` (String) Type of transport to use. Http, Https, SSL for example. Default to HTTPs.
- `xml_validation_enabled` (Boolean) Enable XML service endpoint validation. Defaults to false.
- `xml_validation_secret` (String) XML service endpoint validation shared secret.
- `zones` (List of String) The list of Zone names associated with the farm.


<a id="nestedatt--enumeration_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enumeration_options`

Optional:

- `enhanced_enumeration` (Boolean) Enable enhanced enumeration. Enumerate multiple farms in parallel to reduce operation time. Default is true.
- `filter_by_keywords_exclude` (List of String) Exclude applications and desktops that match the keywords.
- `filter_by_keywords_include` (List of String) Only include applications and desktops that match the keywords.
- `filter_by_types_include` (List of String) Inclusive resource filter by type (Applications, Desktops or Documents).
- `maximum_concurrent_enumerations` (Number) Maximum farms enumerated in parallel. Default is 0.
- `minimum_farms_required_for_concurrent_enumeration` (Number) Minimum farms required for concurrent enumeration. Default is 3.


<a id="nestedatt--farm_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `farm_settings`

Optional:

- `advanced_healthcheck` (Boolean) Indicates whether advanced healthcheck should be performed. Default value is false.
- `background_healthcheck_polling` (String) Period of time between polling servers in timestamp format, which must be in `dd.hh:mm:ss` format with 0's trimmed. Defaults to `0.0:1:0.
- `cert_revocation_policy` (String) Certificate Revocation Policy to use when connecting to XML services using HTTPS. Valid values are NoCheck (Default), MustCheck, FullCheck or NoNetworkAccess.
- `communication_timeout` (String) Communication timeout when using to the Xml service in timestamp format, which must be in `dd.hh:mm:ss` format with 0's trimmed. Defaults to `0.0:0:30.
- `connection_timeout` (String) Connection timeout when using to the Xml service in timestamp format, which must be in `dd.hh:mm:ss` format with 0's trimmed. Defaults to `0.0:0:6.
- `enable_file_type_association` (Boolean) Enable File Type Association so that content is seamlessly redirected to users subscribed applications when they open local files of the appropriate types. Default value is true.
- `leasing_status_expiry_failed` (String) Period of time before retrying a XenDesktop 7 and greater farm in failed leasing mode in timestamp format, which must be in `dd.hh:mm:ss` format with 0's trimmed. Defaults to `0.0:3:0.
- `leasing_status_expiry_leasing` (String) Period of time before retrying a XenDesktop 7 and greater farm in leasing mode in timestamp format, which must be in `dd.hh:mm:ss` format with 0's trimmed. Defaults to `0.0:3:0.
- `leasing_status_expiry_pending` (String) Period of time before retrying a XenDesktop 7 and greater farm in pending leasing mode in timestamp format, which must be in `dd.hh:mm:ss` format with 0's trimmed. Defaults to `0.0:3:0.
- `pooled_sockets` (Boolean) Use pooled sockets so that StoreFront maintains a pool of sockets. Default value is false.
- `server_communication_attempts` (Number) Number of server connection attempts before failure. Default value is 1.


<a id="nestedatt--launch_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `launch_options`

Optional:

- `address_resolution_type` (String) Specifies the type of address(Dns, DnsPort, IPV4, IPV4Port, Dot, DotPort, Uri, NoChange) to use in the .ica launch file. Default is DnsPort.
- `allow_font_smoothing` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not font smoothing is permitted for ICA sessions. Default is true.
- `allow_special_folder_redirection` (Boolean) Redirect special folders such as Documents, Computer and the Desktop. Default is false.
- `federated_authentication_service_failover` (Boolean) Specifies whether to failover to launch without the Federated Auth Service (FAS) should it become uncontactable. Default is false.
- `ignore_client_provided_client_address` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not to ignore the address provided by the Citrix client. Default is false.
- `overlay_auto_login_credentials_with_ticket` (Boolean) Specifies whether a logon ticket must be duplicated in a logon ticket entry or placed in a separate .ica launch file ticket entry only. Default is false.
- `override_ica_client_name` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not a Web Interface-generated ID must be passed in the client name entry of an .ica launch file. Default is false.
- `request_ica_client_secure_channel` (String) Specifies TLS settings(SSLAnyCiphers, TLSGovCipers, DetectAnyCiphers). Default is DetectAnyCipher.
- `require_launch_reference` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not the use of launch references is enforced. Default is true.
- `set_no_load_bias_flag` (Boolean) Specifies whether XenApp load bias should be used. Default is false.
- `vda_logon_data_provider` (String) The Vda logon data provider to use during launch. Default is empty string.


<a id="nestedatt--pna"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pna`

Required:

- `enable` (Boolean) Whether PNA is enabled for the Store.


<a id="nestedatt--roaming_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `roaming_account`

Optional:

- `published` (Boolean) Whether the roaming account is published. Default is false.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# StoreFront Store Service can be imported with the IIS Site Id and Virtual Path
terraform import citrix_stf_store_service.example-stf-store-service 1,"/Citrix/Store"
```