---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "citrix_stf_deployment Resource - citrix"
subcategory: "StoreFront"
description: |-
  StoreFront Deployment.
---

# citrix_stf_deployment (Resource)

StoreFront Deployment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "citrix_stf_deployment" "example-stf-deployment" {
	site_id      = "1"	
	host_base_url = "https://<storefront machine hostname>"
	roaming_gateway = [
		{
			name = "Example Roaming Gateway Name"
			logon_type = "None"
			gateway_url = "https://example.gateway.url/"
			subnet_ip_address = "10.0.0.1"
		}
	]
	roaming_beacon = {
		internal_address = "https://example.internalip.url/"
		external_addresses = ["https://example.externalip.url/"]
	}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_base_url` (String) Url used to access the StoreFront server group.

### Optional

- `roaming_beacon` (Attributes) Roaming Beacon configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--roaming_beacon))
- `roaming_gateway` (Attributes List) Roaming Gateway configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--roaming_gateway))
- `site_id` (String) The IIS site id of the StoreFront deployment. Defaults to 1.

<a id="nestedatt--roaming_beacon"></a>
### Nested Schema for `roaming_beacon`

Required:

- `internal_address` (String) Internal IP address of the beacon. It can either be the hostname or the IP address of the beacon. The Internal IP must be either in `http(s)://<ip_address>/` OR `http(s)://<hostname>/` format.

Optional:

- `external_addresses` (List of String) External IP addresses of the beacon. It can either be the gateway url or the IP addresses of the beacon. If the user removes it from terraform, then the previously persisted values will be retained. When omitted, StoreFront server will use default value of `http://ping.citrix.com` and the gateway url. Each External IP must be either in `http(s)://<ip_address>/` OR `http(s)://<hostname>/` format.


<a id="nestedatt--roaming_gateway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `roaming_gateway`

Required:

- `gateway_url` (String) The URL of the StoreFront gateway.
- `logon_type` (String) The login type required and supported by the Gateway. Possible values are `UsedForHDXOnly`, `Domain`, `RSA`, `DomainAndRSA`, `SMS`, `GatewayKnows`, `SmartCard`, and `None`.
- `name` (String) The name of the StoreFront roaming gateway.

Optional:

- `callback_url` (String) The Gateway authentication NetScaler call-back url. Must end with `/CitrixAuthService/AuthService.asmx`
- `gslb_url` (String) An optional URL which corresponds to the Global Server Load Balancing domain used by multiple gateways.
- `is_cloud_gateway` (Boolean) Whether the Gateway is an instance of Citrix Gateway Service in the cloud. Defaults to `false`.
- `request_ticket_from_two_stas` (Boolean) Request STA tickets from two STA servers (Requires two STA servers). Defaults to `false`.
- `secure_ticket_authority_urls` (Attributes List) The Secure Ticket Authority (STA) URLs. The STA servers validate the tickets that are issued by the StoreFront server. The STA servers must be reachable from the StoreFront server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--roaming_gateway--secure_ticket_authority_urls))
- `session_reliability` (Boolean) Enable session reliability. Session Reliability keeps sessions active and on the user’s screen when network connectivity is interrupted. Users continue to see the application they are using until network connectivity resumes. Defaults to `false`.
- `smart_card_fallback_logon_type` (String) The login type to use when SmartCard fails. Possible values are `UsedForHDXOnly`, `Domain`, `RSA`, `DomainAndRSA`, `SMS`, `GatewayKnows`, `SmartCard`, and `None`. Defaults to `None`.
- `stas_bypass_duration` (String) Time before retrying a failed STA server in `dd.hh:mm:ss` format with 0's trimmed. Defaults to `0.1:0:0`
- `stas_use_load_balancing` (Boolean) Use load balancing for the Secure Ticket Authority (STA) servers. Defaults to `false`.
- `subnet_ip_address` (String) The subnet IP address of the StoreFront gateway.
- `version` (String) The Citrix NetScaler Gateway version. Possible values are `Version10_0_69_4` and `Version9x`. Defaults to `Version10_0_69_4`.

<a id="nestedatt--roaming_gateway--secure_ticket_authority_urls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `roaming_gateway.secure_ticket_authority_urls`

Required:

- `sta_url` (String) The URL of the Secure Ticket Authority (STA) server.

Optional:

- `sta_validation_enabled` (Boolean) Whether Secure Ticket Authority (STA) validation is enabled. Defaults to `false`.
- `sta_validation_secret` (String, Sensitive) The Secure Ticket Authority (STA) validation secret.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# StoreFront Deployment can be imported with the IIS Site ID
terraform import citrix_stf_deployment.example-stf-deployment "1"
```