---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "citrix_stf_webreceiver_service Resource - citrix"
subcategory: "StoreFront"
description: |-
  StoreFront WebReceiver.
---

# citrix_stf_webreceiver_service (Resource)

StoreFront WebReceiver.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "citrix_stf_webreceiver_service" "example-stf-webreceiver-service"{
  	site_id      = citrix_stf_deployment.example-stf-deployment.site_id
	virtual_path = "/Citrix/StoreWeb"
	friendly_name = "Receiver"
  	store_virtual_path = citrix_stf_store_service.example-stf-store-service.virtual_path
	authentication_methods = [ 
      "ExplicitForms", 
	  "CitrixAGBasic"
    ]
	plugin_assistant = {
		enabled = true
		html5_single_tab_launch = true
		upgrade_at_login = true
		html5_enabled = "Fallback"
	}
	application_shortcuts = {
		prompt_for_untrusted_shortcuts = true
		trusted_urls                   = [ "https://example.trusted.url/" ]
		gateway_urls                   = [ "https://example.gateway.url/" ]
	}
	communication = {
		attempts = 1
		timeout = "0.0:3:0"
		loopback = "Off"
		loopback_port_using_http = 80
		proxy_enabled = false
		proxy_port = 8888
		proxy_process_name = "Fiddler"
	}
	strict_transport_security = {
		enabled = false
		policy_duration = "90.0:0:0"
	}
	authentication_manager = {
		login_form_timeout = 5
	}
	user_interface = {
        auto_launch_desktop = true
        multi_click_timeout = 3
        enable_apps_folder_view = true
        workspace_control = {
            enabled = true
            auto_reconnect_at_logon = true
            logoff_action = "Disconnect"
            show_reconnect_button = false
            show_disconnect_button = false
        }
        receiver_configuration = {
            enabled = true
        }
        app_shortcuts = {
            enabled = true
            show_desktop_shortcut = true	
        }
        ui_views = {
            show_apps_view = true
            show_desktops_view = true
            default_view = "Auto"
        }
        category_view_collapsed = false
        move_app_to_uncategorized = true
        progressive_web_app = {
            enabled = false
            show_install_prompt = false
        }
        show_activity_manager = true
        show_first_time_use = true
        prevent_ica_downloads = false
	}
    resources_service = {
        ica_file_cache_expiry = 80
        persistent_icon_cache_enabled = true
    }
  web_receiver_site_style = {
    header_logo_path = "C:\\inetpub\\wwwroot\\Citrix\\StoreWeb\\receiver\\images\\2x\\CitrixStoreFrontReceiverLogo_Home@2x_B07AF017CEE39553.png"
    logon_logo_path = "C:\\inetpub\\wwwroot\\Citrix\\StoreWeb\\receiver\\images\\2x\\CitrixStoreFront_auth@2x_CB5D9D1BADB08AFF.png"
    header_background_color = "Very dark desaturated violet"
    header_foreground_color = "black"
    link_color = "Dark moderate violet"
  }

  // Add depends_on attribute to ensure the Web Receiver Service is created after the Deployment and Store Service
    depends_on = [
        citrix_stf_deployment.example-stf-deployment,
        citrix_stf_store_service.example-stf-store-service
    ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `store_virtual_path` (String) The Virtual Path of the StoreFront Store Service linked to the WebReceiver.
- `virtual_path` (String) The IIS VirtualPath at which the WebReceiver will be configured to be accessed by Receivers.

### Optional

- `application_shortcuts` (Attributes) Application shortcuts configurations for the WebReceiver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--application_shortcuts))
- `authentication_manager` (Attributes) WebReceiver Authentication Manager client options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication_manager))
- `authentication_methods` (Set of String) The authentication methods supported by the WebReceiver.
- `communication` (Attributes) Communication settings used for the WebReceiver proxy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--communication))
- `friendly_name` (String) The friendly name of the WebReceiver
- `plugin_assistant` (Attributes) Pluin Assistant configuration for the WebReceiver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--plugin_assistant))
- `resources_service` (Attributes) Resources Service settings for the WebReceiver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources_service))
- `site_id` (String) The IIS site id of the StoreFront WebReceiver. Defaults to 1.
- `strict_transport_security` (Attributes) Communication settings used for the WebReceiver proxy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--strict_transport_security))
- `user_interface` (Attributes) User interface configuration for the WebReceiver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_interface))
- `web_receiver_site_style` (Attributes) Site Styles for the Web Receiver for Website. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--web_receiver_site_style))

<a id="nestedatt--application_shortcuts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `application_shortcuts`

Required:

- `prompt_for_untrusted_shortcuts` (Boolean) Display confirmation dialog when Receiver for Web cannot determine if an app shortcut originated from a trusted internal site.

Optional:

- `gateway_urls` (Set of String) Set of gateways through which shortcuts will be provided to users.
- `trusted_urls` (Set of String) Set of internal web sites that will provide app shortcuts to users.


<a id="nestedatt--authentication_manager"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication_manager`

Optional:

- `login_form_timeout` (Number) The WebReceiver login form timeout in minutes. Defaults to `5`.

Read-Only:

- `change_credentials_url` (String) The URL to initiate a change password operation. Defaults to `ExplicitAuth/GetChangeCredentialForm`.
- `get_user_name_url` (String) The URL to obtain the full username. Defaults to `Authentication/GetUserName`.
- `logoff_url` (String) The URL to log off the Citrix Receiver for Web session. Defaults to `Authentication/Logoff`.


<a id="nestedatt--communication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `communication`

Optional:

- `attempts` (Number) The number of attempts WebReceiver should make to contact StoreFront before it gives up. Defaults to `1`.
- `loopback` (String) Whether to use the loopback address for communications with the store service, rather than the actual StoreFront server URL. Available values are `On`, `Off`, `OnUsingHttp`. Defaults to `Off`.
- `loopback_port_using_http` (Number) When loopback is set to `OnUsingHttp`, the port number to use for loopback communications. Defaults to `80`.
- `proxy_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the communications proxy is enabled. Defaults to `false`.
- `proxy_port` (Number) The port to use for the communications proxy. Defaults to `8888`.
- `proxy_process_name` (String) The name of the process acting as proxy. Defaults to `Fiddler`.
- `timeout` (String) Timeout value for communicating with StoreFront in `dd.hh:mm:ss` format with 0's trimmed. Defaults to `0.0:3:0`.


<a id="nestedatt--plugin_assistant"></a>
### Nested Schema for `plugin_assistant`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable the Plugin Assistant.
- `html5_chrome_app_origins` (String) The Html5 Chrome Application Origins settings.
- `html5_chrome_app_preferences` (String) The Html5 Chrome Application preferences.
- `html5_enabled` (String) Method of deploying and using the Html5 Receiver.
- `html5_platforms` (String) The supported Html5 platforms.
- `html5_preferences` (String) Html5 Receiver preferences.
- `html5_single_tab_launch` (Boolean) Launch Html5 Receiver in the same browser tab.
- `macos_minimum_supported_version` (String) Minimum version of the MacOS supported.
- `macos_path` (String) Path to the MacOS Receiver.
- `protocol_handler_enabled` (Boolean) Enable the Receiver Protocol Handler.
- `protocol_handler_platforms` (String) The supported Protocol Handler platforms.
- `protocol_handler_skip_double_hop_check_when_disabled` (Boolean) Skip the Protocol Handle double hop check.
- `show_after_login` (Boolean) Show Plugin Assistant after the user logs in.
- `upgrade_at_login` (Boolean) Prompt to upgrade older clients.
- `win32_path` (String) Path to the Windows Receiver.


<a id="nestedatt--resources_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources_service`

Optional:

- `ica_file_cache_expiry` (Number) How long the ICA file data is cached in the memory of the Web Proxy. Defaults to `90`.
- `icon_size` (Number) The desired icon size sent to the Store Service in icon requests. Defaults to `128`.
- `persistent_icon_cache_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to cache icon data in the local file system. Defaults to `true`.
- `show_desktop_viewer` (Boolean) Shows the Citrix Desktop Viewer window and toolbar when users access their desktops from legacy clients. Defaults to `true`.


<a id="nestedatt--strict_transport_security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `strict_transport_security`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable the HTTP Strict Transport Security feature. Defaults to `false`.
- `policy_duration` (String) The time period for which browsers should apply HSTS to the RfWeb site in `dd.hh:mm:ss` format with 0's trimmed. Defaults to `90.0:0:0`.


<a id="nestedatt--user_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_interface`

Optional:

- `app_shortcuts` (Attributes) App shortcuts configuration for the WebReceiver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_interface--app_shortcuts))
- `auto_launch_desktop` (Boolean) Whether to auto-launch desktop at login if there is only one desktop available for the user. Defaults to `true`.
- `category_view_collapsed` (Boolean) Collapse the category view so that only the immediate contents of the selected category/sub-catagory are displayed. Defaults to `false`.
- `enable_apps_folder_view` (Boolean) Allows the user to turn off folder view when in a locked-down store or unauthenticated store. Defaults to `true`.
- `move_app_to_uncategorized` (Boolean) Move uncategorized apps into a folder named ‘Uncategorized’ when the category view is collapsed. Defaults to `true`.
- `multi_click_timeout` (Number) The time period in seconds for which the spinner control is displayed, after the user clicks on the App/Desktop icon within Receiver for Web. Defaults to `3`.
- `prevent_ica_downloads` (Boolean) Prevent download of ICA Files. Defaults to `false`. StoreFront version 2402 or higher is required to modify this setting.
- `progressive_web_app` (Attributes) Progressive Web App configuration for the WebReceiver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_interface--progressive_web_app))
- `receiver_configuration` (Attributes) Receiver configuration for the WebReceiver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_interface--receiver_configuration))
- `show_activity_manager` (Boolean) Enable the Activity Manager within the end user interface. Defaults to `true`.
- `show_first_time_use` (Boolean) Enable the showing of the First Time Use screen within the end user interface. Defaults to `true`.
- `ui_views` (Attributes) UI view configuration for the WebReceiver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_interface--ui_views))
- `workspace_control` (Attributes) Workspace control configuration for the WebReceiver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_interface--workspace_control))

<a id="nestedatt--user_interface--app_shortcuts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_interface.app_shortcuts`

Optional:

- `allow_session_reconnect` (Boolean) Enable App Shortcuts to support session reconnect. Defaults to `false`.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable app shortcuts. Defaults to `false`.


<a id="nestedatt--user_interface--progressive_web_app"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_interface.progressive_web_app`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable Progressive Web App support. Defaults to `false`.
- `show_install_prompt` (Boolean) Enable prompt to install Progressive Web App. Defaults to `false`.


<a id="nestedatt--user_interface--receiver_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_interface.receiver_configuration`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable the Receiver Configuration .cr file download. Defaults to `true`.

Read-Only:

- `download_url` (String) The URL to download the Receiver Configuration .cr file.


<a id="nestedatt--user_interface--ui_views"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_interface.ui_views`

Optional:

- `default_view` (String) The view to show after logon. Available values are `Auto`, `Desktops`, and `Apps`. Defaults to `Auto`.
- `show_apps_view` (Boolean) Whether to show the apps view tab. Defaults to `true`.
- `show_desktops_view` (Boolean) Whether to show the desktops tab. Defaults to `true`.


<a id="nestedatt--user_interface--workspace_control"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_interface.workspace_control`

Optional:

- `auto_reconnect_at_logon` (Boolean) Whether to perform auto-reconnect at login. Defaults to `true`.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable workspace control. Defaults to `true`.
- `logoff_action` (String) Whether to disconnect or terminate HDX sessions when actively logging off Receiver for Web. Available values are `Disconnect`, `Terminate`, and `None`. Defaults to `Disconnect`.
- `show_disconnect_button` (Boolean) Whether to show the disconnect button/link. Defaults to `false`.
- `show_reconnect_button` (Boolean) Whether to show the reconnect button/link. Defaults to `false`.



<a id="nestedatt--web_receiver_site_style"></a>
### Nested Schema for `web_receiver_site_style`

Optional:

- `header_background_color` (String) Sets the background color of the header.
- `header_foreground_color` (String) Sets the foreground color of the header.
- `header_logo_path` (String) Points to the Header Logo's path in the system.
- `ignore_non_existent_logos` (Boolean) Whether to ignore non-existent logo files and continue to set colors.
- `link_color` (String) Sets the link color of the page.
- `logon_logo_path` (String) Points to the Logon Logo's path in the system.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# StoreFront Webreceiver Service can be imported with the IIS Virtual Path
terraform import citrix_stf_webreceiver_service.example-stf-webreceiver-service 1,"/Citrix/StoreWeb"
```