---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "citrix_stf_store_farm Resource - citrix"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  StoreFront Store Farm Config.
---

# citrix_stf_store_farm (Resource)

StoreFront Store Farm Config.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "citrix_stf_store_farm" "example-stf-store-farm" {
	store_virtual_path      = citrix_stf_store_service.example-stf-store-service.virtual_path
    farm_name = "Controller1"
    farm_type = "XenDesktop"
    servers = ["cvad.storefront.com"] 
    port = 88
    zones = ["Primary","Secondary", "Thirds"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `farm_name` (String) The name of the Farm.
- `farm_type` (String) The type of the Farm. Can be XenApp, XenDesktop, AppController, VDIinaBox, Store or SPA.
- `servers` (List of String) The list of servers in the Farm.
- `store_virtual_path` (String) The Virtual Path of the StoreFront Store Service linked to the Farm.

### Optional

- `all_failed_bypass_duration` (Number) Period of time to skip all xml service requests should all servers fail to respond.
- `bypass_duration` (Number) Period of time to skip a server when is fails to respond. Defaults to 60.
- `farm_guid` (String) A tag indicating the scope of the farm. Valid for cloud deployments only.
- `load_balance` (Boolean) Round robin load balance the xml service servers. Defaults to true.
- `max_failed_servers_per_request` (Number) Maximum number of servers within a single farm that can fail before aborting a request.
- `port` (Number) Service communication port. Default is 443
- `product` (String) Cloud deployments only otherwise ignored. The product name of the farm configured.
- `rade_ticket_time_to_live` (Number) Period of time a RADE launch ticket is valid once requested on pre 7.0 XenApp and XenDesktop farms. Defaults to 100.
- `restrict_pops` (String) Cloud deployments only otherwise ignored. Restricts GWaaS traffic to the specified POP.
- `server_urls` (List of String) The url to the service location used to provide web and SaaS apps via this farm.
- `ssl_relay_port` (Number) The SSL Relay port. Default is 443
- `ticket_time_to_live` (Number) Period of time an ICA launch ticket is valid once requested on pre 7.0 XenApp and XenDesktop farms. Defaults to 0
- `transport_type` (Number) Type of transport to use. Http, Https, SSL for example.
- `xml_validation_enabled` (Boolean) Enable XML service endpoint validation.
- `xml_validation_secret` (String) XML service endpoint validation shared secret.
- `zones` (List of String) The list of Zone names associated with the farm.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# StoreFront Store Farm can be imported with the Store Service path and Farm Name
terraform import citrix_stf_store_farm.example-stf-store-farm "/Citrix/Store", "Farm1"
```
