---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "citrix_xenserver_hypervisor Resource - citrix"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a XenServer hypervisor.
---

# citrix_xenserver_hypervisor (Resource)

Manages a XenServer hypervisor.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# XenServer Hypervisor
resource "citrix_xenserver_hypervisor" "example-xenserver-hypervisor" {
    name            = "example-xenserver-hypervisor"
    zone            = "<Zone Id>"
    username        = "<XenServer username>"
    password        = "<XenServer password>"        
    password_format = "PlainText"
    addresses       = [
        "http://<IP address or hostname for XenServer>"
    ]
    ssl_thumbprints = [
        "<SSL thumbprint in SHA-256 format without colons>"
    ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `addresses` (List of String) Hypervisor address(es).  At least one is required.
- `name` (String) Name of the hypervisor.
- `password` (String) Password of the hypervisor.
- `password_format` (String) Password format of the hypervisor. Choose between Base64 and PlainText.
- `username` (String) Username of the hypervisor.
- `zone` (String) Id of the zone the hypervisor is associated with.

### Optional

- `max_absolute_active_actions` (Number) Maximum number of actions that can execute in parallel on the hypervisor. Default is 40.
- `max_absolute_new_actions_per_minute` (Number) Maximum number of actions that can be started on the hypervisor per-minute. Default is 10.
- `max_power_actions_percentage_of_machines` (Number) Maximum percentage of machines on the hypervisor which can have their power state changed simultaneously. Default is 20.
- `scopes` (Set of String) The IDs of the scopes for the hypervisor to be a part of.
- `ssl_thumbprints` (List of String) SSL certificate thumbprints to consider acceptable for this connection.  If not specified, and the hypervisor uses SSL for its connection, the SSL certificate's root certification authority and any intermediate certificates must be trusted.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) GUID identifier of the hypervisor.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Hypervisor can be imported by specifying the GUID
terraform import citrix_xenserver_hypervisor.example-xenserver-hypervisor b2339edf-7b00-436e-9c3a-54c987c3526e
```
