---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "citrix_zone Resource - citrix"
subcategory: "CVAD"
description: |-
  Manages a zone.
---

# citrix_zone (Resource)

Manages a zone.

## Zone For Citrix Cloud Customers

- For Citrix Cloud customers, Zones and Cloud Connectors are managed only by Citrix Cloud. Ensure you have a resource location created either manually or using [`citrix_cloud_resource_location`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/citrix/citrix/latest/docs/resources/cloud_resource_location) in terraform. For more information regarding Citrix Cloud Resource Location [click here](https://docs.citrix.com/en-us/citrix-cloud/citrix-cloud-resource-locations/resource-locations.html).
- Use `resource_location_id` instead of `name` to create a cloud zone resource via Terraform.
- If the zone from the resource location specified in `resource_location_id` has description, please make sure that the `description` field matches the description of the existing zone.
- If a zone is used for On-Premises Hypervisors, it is required to have cloud connectors deployed in it.
- If a zone is used for MCS Domain Joined Machine Catalogs, it is required to have cloud connectors deployed in it.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Example for On-Premises Zone
resource "citrix_zone" "example-onpremises-zone" {
    name                = "example-zone"
    description         = "zone example"
    metadata            = [
        {
            name    = "key1"
            value   = "value1"
        }
    ]
}

# Exmaple for Cloud Zone
resource "citrix_cloud_resource_location" "example-resource-location" {
    name = "example-resource-location"
}

resource "citrix_zone" "example-cloud-zone" {
    resource_location_id = citrix_cloud_resource_location.example-resource-location.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the zone. 

-> **Note** For Citrix Cloud customer, ensure this matches the description of the existing zone behind the `resource_location_id` that needs to be used.
- `metadata` (Attributes List) Metadata for the Zone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `name` (String) Name of the zone. 

-> **Note** For Citrix Cloud Customer, `name` is not allowed to be used for creating zone and is computed only. Use `resource_location_id` to create zone Instead.
- `resource_location_id` (String) GUID identifier off the resource location the zone belongs to. Only applies to Citrix Cloud customers. 

-> **Note** When using `resource_location_id`, ensure that the resource location is already created, or the value must be a reference to a [`citrix_cloud_resource_location`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/citrix/citrix/latest/docs/resources/cloud_resource_location)'s `id` property.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) GUID identifier of the zone.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Metadata name.
- `value` (String) Metadata value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Zone can be imported by specifying the GUID
terraform import citrix_zone.example-zone 06e5981e-dbaf-48db-b134-245fca2dc672
```